I said, wait.
I'm okay, sir.
No, you're not, you punk.
Fortunately,
you didn't hurt any arteries or veins.
I could even take
an axe blade with my abs.
So this wound is nothing.
I can survive this.
It should be treated.
Let everyone go.
If you feel bad for me just a little bit,
let them go. Please.
Let them go.
Tomorrow morning, I'll demand a doctor
who will treat Eung-cheol's wound.
They'll demand the release of a hostage.
And I'm…
planning to release you.
To repay you for what you've done
for me these past few days.
We'll be even then.
"Even"?
Go back to the cafeteria.
Look at her.
Her hand is bandaged.
-What? Bandage?
-She's right.
He treated her?
But why treat only her?
Lim Soo-ho?
Are you guys okay?